Tweak migration guide to have more comments, less types (#6540)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/migrationguide.md

const subscription = eventHubConsumerClient.subscribe(
  partitionId, {
    // In V5 we deliver events in batches, rather than a single message at a time.
    // You can control the batch size via the options passed to the client.
    //

>     // If you have asynchronous code running in your callback, it will be awaited before the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If your callback is an async function or returns a promise, it will be awaited before the
```
The current wording makes it sound like just having async code in my callback is enough to have stop receving events until I'm done processing the current batch.

    // callback is called for the next batch of events. 
    processEvents: (events, context) => { /** your code here **/ },

    // Prior to V5 errors were handled by separate callbacks depending 
    // on where they were thrown i.e when managing different partitions vs receiving from each partition.
    // 
    // In V5 you only need a single error handler for all of those cases.

>     processError: (error, context) => { 

Reviewer: Do you see any value in calling out out that this can be an async function like we did for `processEvents`? Certainly seems less important but asking for consistency's sake.

Author: No, my hope is for API reference docs to do that

Author: The call out for processEvents was because that change is one of our biggest selling points based on the feedback we have been getting
